TO-DO
	V Database
	V Signup system
	V Login system
	V Logout
	V Basic frontend for image editing
	V Webcam integration

	V Image merge in php
	V Correct image size in image merge
	V Image preview in Editor
	V Take picture to preview
	V Save image from preview
	V Delete image
	V Select existing image to preview
	V Edit existing image
	V Image processing
	V Basic frontend
	V Upload image to preview
	V Fileupload/webcam switch
	V Add multiple stickers at the same time
	V Fix black bar bug in imagecopy
	V Change to pointer events
	V Display images in Gallery
	V Post images
	V Write comments for images
	V Show comments in image
	V Disable commenting and liking for not logged in users
	V Likes for images
	V Add default profile picture
	V Profile page
	V User preferences
		V Email opt out
		V Change
			V Profile picture
			V Password
			V username
			V Email
			V Ask for email confirmation for these
	V Email confirmation for signup
	V Password reset with email confirmation
	V Delete posts
	V Email notification for comments and likes
	V Refactor comments to use eventlisteners like likes
	V Ajaxify control panel submit
	V Fix sticker size information
	V Move non-user-facing files to scripts
	V Add password complexity requirements. Cant be just lower case
	V Check error handling
	V Remove all console.logs and unnecessary echos
	UX
		V Works on chrome and firefox
		V Works on mobile (narrow window test)
	Security
		V Cant add html to text inputs
		V Sql injection [blahblah' OR 1='1]
	Specific bonuses
		V Live preview (just css? place the sticker image on top of the video element?)
		V Server exchanges ajaxified
	Additional bonuses (max 5)
		V Drag and drop for sticker
		V Sticker location
		V Infinite pagination
		V Square aspect ratio
		V Sticker opacity
		V Sticker resize
		V Deployed/Ready to deploy
	Bugs
		V Comment gets saved multiple times
		V Comments don't show in some cases
		V Scroll event fires getPosts too fast
		V Pagination doesn't work on profile page
		V File delete when uploading new profile picture?
		V Saving uploaded image gives fatal error
		V Wrong sized video frame if close and restart webcam
		V Signup wont give error even if db dont exist
		V In some case, I think when saving edit image again, only stickers are sent to server
		V Fix all Cancel bugs
		V Loading indicator in infinite scroll doesnt really ever show
		V File upload is missing base image on home system
		V Navbar items missing from hamburger
		V Profile pic change script deletes default.png
		V Add sticker resize instructions to editor
		V Signup form  're-enter' to confirm
		V Aspect ratio gets skewed with non square images. Check height
		V Saving new post doesn't work on Firefox
		V Empty comments are allowed
		V Comment lines don't wrap
		Clicking stickers on overlay doesn't center correctly. Gets worse is scrolled down.
	V Throttle mouse and scroll events? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjIswDCKgu0
	V Refactor function declarations to =>
	V Add ? checks for variables and replace ifs if necessary
	V clickable indicator on top of stickers in overlay
	V Disable comment button while waiting for response
	V Alert for posting without picture
	V Feedback for saving settings
	V Send to confirmation page from signup
	V Send to confirmation page from password reset

Notes

Email requires ssmtp and outlook's smtp server.
https://www.unixmen.com/install-ssmtp-to-send-emails-to-gmail-and-office3655/
Outlook's stmp requires TLS certificate
https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/create-a-self-signed-tls-certificate/

Configuration is done with fake docker secrets from files and private configuration files
Database initialization is done with an sql file. Setup.php resets the database.
